README.md, before:

## ˚₊‧ Oi! Sou a Julia :)

Tenho 17 anos, e sou movida pela curiosidade e vontade de aprender. Amo explorar interesses novos, me jogar em projetos diferentes e descobrir coisas novas!

Me formei no ensino médio técnico em Desenvolvimento de Sistemas, e atualmente curso Sistemas de Informação na PUCPR. Desde então venho estudando bastante Java, Python e o universo do back-end — mas sem deixar de lado o front quando a inspiração bate ⊹ ₊  ⁺‧₊˚

Por aqui no GitHub, você vai encontrar desde projetos de cursos até ideias que surgiram do nada e viraram código!

## ✧ Ferramentas que uso e estudo:

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)

![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

## ⭒ Linguagens que mais costumo utilizar:

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=juliaferreirapadilha&layout=compact&theme=radical)
##
No momento, também estou em busca da minha primeira experiência como estagiária na área de desenvolvimento, tanto no back-end quanto no front-end!  
Se quiser trocar uma ideia, ver meu trabalho ou me chamar pra conversar sobre projetos, aqui estão meus contatos:

[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:juuliapadilha@gmail.com) 
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/juliaferreirapadilha/)

Commit message:

Update profile info and technologies

README.md, after:

## ˚₊‧ Hi! I'm Julia ;)

I'm 17 years old, and I'm driven by the desire to learn and the motivation to create new things. I love exploring new interests, diving into different projects, and discovering new things!

I graduated from high school with a technical degree in Systems Development, and I am currently studying Information Systems at PUCPR. Since then, I have been taking courses, working on independent projects, and delving into new technologies and frameworks ⊹ ₊  ⁺‧₊˚

Here on GitHub, you will find everything from course projects to ideas that came out of nowhere and turned into code!

## ✧ Tools that I study and work with:

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white)
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-0175C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)


## ⭒ Programming languages that I most commonly use:

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=juliaferrwira&layout=compact&theme=dark)
##
At the moment, I'm working as a junior developer. Even being full stack, my main focus is backend.

[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:juuliapadilha@gmail.com) 
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/juliaferreirapadilha/) 
[![Linktree](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linktree-39E09B?style=for-the-badge&logo=linktree&logoColor=white)](https://linktr.ee/juliaferrwira)
